time to make a slow-cooked main meal
that is packed full of flavor and is
ridiculously simple to prepare let's
make a slow-cooked beef goulash on the
one pot chef the beauty of this recipe
is that it's just fantastic slow cooking
you literally chuck everything into the
pot give it a stir
switch it on and walk away first things
first I've got a kilogram of beef I'm
using a cheap cut of beef today I'm
using some gravy beef and we're just
going to chuck that straight in in about
sort of 5 centimeters or about 2-inch
pieces next I'm adding in two small
brown onions which I've just diced up
one clove of crushed garlic about
teaspoons worth and two red capsicum
Zoar red bell peppers depending on where
you live in the world which again I've
just Dee seeded and diced up give that a
quick stir around you can Brown the beef
first in a fry pan if you want to but I
find with slow cookers like this it's
completely unnecessary because you don't
really need to lock in the juices
because it's being cooked on a low heat
for a long time and so you don't end up
getting that moisture loss that you'll
get if you're cooking this in the oven
or over the stove next I'm adding in a
400 gram tin of diced tomatoes 2
tablespoons of tomato paste or
concentrated tomato puree 2 tablespoons
of sweet paprika now this is sometimes
called Hungarian paprika so you'll just
have to look for it it'll be in the
spice aisle in your supermarket half a
cup of beef stock and half a cup of
water seasoned with a little salt and
some pepper give that a good stir
together and that's our glass ready to
go so we just put the lid on and we're
going to cook this for eight hours on
low or four hours on high but I highly
recommend cooking it for the eight hours
on low as I find the beef becomes a lot
more tender and beautiful with a much
slower and lower cooking time but feel
free to do the quick version if you're
short on time eight hours later and
let's take
look Oh sting that's looking gorgeous
that sauce is thickened up and that meat
is looking lovely and tender that's
beautiful look at that YUM now there's
just one last thing to do now this is
entirely optional but I like to add in a
nice blob of sour cream just before
serving and we stir that through and it
gives us a lovely thick creamy effect I
cannot wait to have a taste of this and
here we have our completed slow-cooked
beef goulash and I've just served this
with a bit of rice but of course you
could serve this with pasta with
vegetables mashed potato pretty much
anything you like piping hot and ready
to eat this beef is literally falling to
pieces I'm just using a fork and it's
just fall into pieces so I cannot wait
to have a taste of this oh wow those so
tender
mmm so much flavor of that mmm you've
got the tomato
you've got the capsicum all the bell
peppers you got that onion and that
garlic oh it's absolutely amazing and
it's so simple to prepare I mean you
literally chuck everything into the pot
and switch it on can't get simpler than
that
well hope you enjoy this recipe check
out my other videos at 1 pot chef show
calm and until next time see you later
this is a fabulous dish and it's great
for year round it's great for winter
because it's nice and warming but it's
also great in summer because there's
virtually no effort you're not spending
hours of work in the kitchen when you're
literally just doing a bit of chopping
chucking into a pot and walking away
that's perfect for summer and even
better winter